Hey, this is Chris Plush from cgmasters.com, and here we go again.
In this course we'll be modeling and rendering a custom car designed by concept designer
Lee Rosario, and this includes a full interior.
This car design has every challenge I wanted for a course to teach everything I have to
teach on this subject.
And I was way more than happy to be able to use this design, so big shout out to Lee,
and you can check out his work at the links on the screen.
Now if you've taken my other car courses before, you'll be happy to know that I've perfected
the guide mesh techniques I teach, including a super simple and totally reliable technique
for adding thickness without applying any modifiers.
And whether you've seen my courses before or not, definitely check out the full guide
to the guide mesh chapters in the next section to learn more about that technique and to
see what's new.
And finally, you can follow me on Twitter for updates on the course and any new projects
I'm working on, and if you have any trouble going through this course, you can email me
at chris.cgmasters.gmail.com and I'll help you out.
And that does it for this chapter, so I'll see you in the next one.